	
Fortify 360 Plugin
Fortify 360 Plugin, publish FPR result in Project page, upload FPR to Fortify 360 server, consider a build as fail if too many vulnerabilities
1.3
	
Emotional Hudson plugin
This funny plugin changes the expression of Mr. Hudson in the background when your builds fail.
1.2
	
Maven Integration plugin
1.356
	
FindBugs Plug-in
This plug-in collects the FindBugs analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
4.8
	
Hudson CVS Plug-in
1.1
	
Downstream build view
This plug-in allows you to view the full status all the downstream builds so that we can graphically see that everything for this build has been completed successfully. See Downstream build view.
1.4
	
NAnt Plugin
This plugin is a NAnt Builder for building .NET projects.
1.1
	
Hudson Cobertura plugin
This plugin integrates Cobertura coverage reports to Hudson.
0.8.11
	
Hudson M2 Extra Steps Plugin
This plugin allows you to configure actions to run both before and after the core Maven execution of an m2 project.
1.1.3
	
PMD Plug-in
This plug-in collects the PMD analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
3.6
	
Configuration Slicing plugin
1.16
	
Hudson Violations plugin
This plugin does reports on checkstyle, pmd, cpd, fxcop, pylint and findbugs violations.
0.7.5
	
Hudson SSH Slaves plugin
0.10
	
Static Analysis Utilities
1.8
	
Audit Trail
Keep a log of who performed particular Hudson operations, such as configuring jobs.
1.4
	
Hudson JavaNCSS plugin
This plugin integrates JavaNCSS reports to Hudson.
1.0-alpha-1
	
Email-ext plugin
This plugin is a replacement for Hudson's email publisher
2.2.1
	
Active Directory plugin
This plugin enables authentication through Active Directory on Windows environment.
1.15
	
Hudson Backup plugin
Backup or Restore your hudson configuration files
1.4.1
	
Static Analysis Collector Plug-in
This plug-in collects the Checkstyle analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
1.5
	
Subversion Tagging Plugin
This plugin performs Subversion tag (or copy) on successful build.
1.12
	
MSBuild Plugin
This plugin is a MSBuild Builder for building Visual Studio .proj and .sln files.
1.2
	
Warnings Plug-in
This plug-in collects the compiler warnings of the project modules and visualizes the results.
3.5
	
Promoted Builds Plugin
This plugin implements a "promoted build" feature where a build of one job can be marked as "promoted" when it passes certain criteria.
1.5
	
HGCA Plugin
This plugin allows for specifying arbitrary pattern/URL pairs, used to turn text in the changelogs matching those patterns into links to the paired URL.
1.2
	
Hudson CVS Tagging Plug-in
This plugin performs CVS rtag command on a successful build.
1.5
	
Hudson description setter plugin
1.6
	
Task Scanner Plug-in
This plug-in scans for open tasks in a specified set of files in the project modules and visualizes the results.
4.7
	
Hudson Support Subscription Notification Plugin
This plugin notifies the support subscription offering.
1.2
	
Hudson Emma plugin
This plugin integrates EMMA code coverage reports to Hudson.
1.20
	
Hudson Next Build Number Plugin
1.0
	
Deploy to container Plugin
This plugin allows you to deploy a war to a container after a successful build.
1.5
	
Hudson Sectioned View Plugin
Adds a new view that can be organised into different sections.
1.10
	
Hudson Maven Release Plug-in Plug-in
A plug-in that enables you to perform releases using the maven-release-plugin from Hudson.
0.3.4
	
Hudson Seleniumhq plugin
This plugin integrates Seleniumhq to Hudson.
0.2
	
Log Parser Plugin
1.0.4
	
Checkstyle Plug-in
This plug-in collects the Checkstyle analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
3.6
	
Hudson SCP publisher plugin
This plugin uploads build artifacts to repository sites using SCP (SSH) protocol.
1.6
	
Setenv Plugin
This plugin can be used to set environment variables to be applied to all build steps in a given job.
1.0
	
Sonar plugin
Quickly benefit from Sonar, an open-source dashboard based on many analysis tools like Checkstyle, PMD and Cobertura.
1.1
	
Testability Explorer Plugin
Plugin for the Testability Explorer http://code.google.com/p/testability-explorer/
0.2
	
WebTest Presenter plugin
This plugin links to Canoo WebTest results.
0.23
	
Monitoring
Hudson's monitoring with JavaMelody. Open report after installation.
1.15.0
	
Subversion Plugin
1.13
	
Hudson disk-usage plugin
This plugin counts disk usage.
0.10
	
Hudson build timeout plugin
This plugin allows builds to be automatically terminated after the specified amount of time has elapsed.
1.6