Active Directory plugin
This plugin enables authentication through Active Directory on Windows environment.
1.39			

	
Ant Plugin
This plugin adds Apache Ant support to Jenkins.
1.2			
	
Artifact Deployer Plug-in
This plug-in makes it possible to deploy artifacts from workspace to output directories.
0.33	

	
artifact-promotion
This is a simple plugin to promote artifacts. The promotion is done on the repository server(s) by moving the artifact from a 'staging' repository into a 'release' repository. Currently, only Sonatype Nexus (Open Source) is supprted.
0.3.4			

	
Build Monitor View
Provides a highly visible view of the status of selected Jenkins jobs. It easily accommodates different computer screen sizes and is ideal as an Extreme Feedback Device to be displayed on a screen on your office wall.
1.6+build.140			

	
Build Pipeline Plugin
This plugin renders upstream and downstream connected jobs that typically form a build pipeline. In addition, it offers the ability to define manual triggers for jobs that require intervention prior to execution, e.g. an approval process outside of Jenkins.
1.4.7	

	
build-name-setter
This plug-in sets the display name of a build to something other than #1, #2, #3, ...
1.3			

	
Checkstyle Plug-in
This plug-in collects the Checkstyle analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
If you like this open source plug-in please consider supporting my work by buying my Android game Inca Trails.
3.42	

	
Copy Artifact Plugin
Adds a build step to copy artifacts from another project.
1.35	

	
Credentials Plugin
This plugin allows you to store credentials in Jenkins.
1.22	
	
	
CVS Plug-in
Integrates Jenkins with CVS version control system using a modified version of the Netbeans cvsclient.
2.12	
	
	
Dashboard View
Customizable dashboard that can present various views of job information.
2.9.4			

	
Delivery Pipeline Plugin
This plugin visualize Delivery Pipelines (Jobs with upstream/downstream dependencies)
0.8.11	

	
description setter plugin
This plugin sets the description for each build, based upon a RegEx test of the build log file.
1.9			

	
Email Extension Plugin
This plugin is a replacement for Jenkins's email publisher
2.39.3	

	
Environment Injector Plugin
This plugin makes it possible to set an environment for the builds. 

1.91.1	

	
External Monitor Job Type Plugin
Adds the ability to monitor the result of externally executed jobs.
1.4			
	
Gravatar plugin
This plugin shows Gravatar avatar images for Jenkins users.
2.1			

	
Javadoc Plugin
This plugin adds Javadoc support to Jenkins.
1.3	
	
	
Job Configuration History Plugin
Job history plugin for Jenkins.
2.10			

	
Join plugin
This plugin allows a job to be run after all the immediate downstream jobs have completed.
1.15			

	
jQuery plugin
This allows other plugins to use jQuery in UI.
1.7.2-1			

	
jQuery UI plugin
This plugin allows you to use jQuery UI on view descriptions.
1.0.2			

	
JUnit Plugin
Allows JUnit-format test results to be published.
1.5	
	
	
LDAP Plugin
Security realm based on LDAP authentication.
1.11	
	
	
Mailer Plugin
This plugin allows you to configure email notifications. This is a break-out of the original core based email component.
1.15	
	
	
MapDB API Plugin
This plugin provides a shared dependency on the MapDB library so that other plugins can co-operate when using this library.
1.0.6.0			

	
Matrix Authorization Strategy Plugin
Offers matrix-based security authorization strategies (global and per-project).
1.2	
	
	
Matrix Project Plugin
Multi-configuration (matrix) project type.
1.4.1	
	
Maven Integration plugin
Jenkins plugin for building Maven 2/3 jobs via a special project type.
2.9	
	
	
MSBuild Plugin
This plugin makes it possible to build a Visual Studio project (.proj) and solution files (.sln).
1.24			

	
Multi-Branch Project Plugin
This plugin adds an additional project type that creates sub-projects for each branch using a shared configuration.
0.1.3			

	
OWASP Markup Formatter Plugin
Uses the OWASP Java HTML Sanitizer to allow safe-seeming HTML markup to be entered in project descriptions and the like.
1.3	
	
	
P4 Plugin
Perforce Client plugin for the Jenkins SCM provider. The plugin includes extension points for:
Perforce Password and Ticket Credentials store
Workspace management for static, manual, template and stream
Action point for Review Builds
1.2.1	

	
PAM Authentication plugin
Adds Unix Pluggable Authentication Module (PAM) support to Jenkins.
1.2	
	
	
Parameterized Trigger plugin
This plugin lets you trigger new builds when your build has completed, with various ways of specifying parameters for the new build.
2.26	

	
promoted builds plugin
This plugin implements a "promoted build" feature where a build of one job can be marked as "promoted" when it passes certain criteria.
2.20	

	
Python Plugin
Adds the ability to execute python scripts as build steps.
1.2			

	
Rebuilder
This plugin is for rebuilding a job using the same parameters.
1.22			

	
SCM API Plugin
This plugin provides a new enhanced API for interacting with SCM systems.
0.2			

	
Script Security Plugin
Allows Jenkins administrators to control what in-process scripts can be run by less-privileged users.
1.13			
	
Simple Theme Plugin
A plugin for Jenkins that supports custom CSS & JavaScript. You can customize Jenkins's appearance (ex. his gentle face on the background).
0.3			

	
Sonargraph Plugin
This plugin integrates Sonargraph functionality into Jenkins
1.6.3			

	
SSH Credentials Plugin
This plugin allows you to store SSH credentials in Jenkins.
1.11	
	
	
SSH Slaves plugin
This plugin allows you to manage slaves running on \*nix machines over SSH.
1.9			
	
Static Analysis Collector Plug-in
This plug-in is an add-on for the plug-ins Checkstyle, Dry, FindBugs, PMD, Tasks, and Warnings: the plug-in collects the different analysis results and shows the results in a combined trend graph. Additionally, the plug-in provides health reporting and build stability based on these combined results.
If you like this open source plug-in please consider supporting my work by buying my Android game Inca Trails.
1.43	

	
Static Analysis Utilities
This plug-in provides utilities for the static code analysis plug-ins.
If you like this open source plug-in please consider supporting my work by buying my Android game Inca Trails.
1.71	

	
Subversion Plug-in
This plugin adds the Subversion support (via SVNKit) to Jenkins.
2.5	
	
	
Template Project plugin
This plugin lets you use builders, publishers and SCM settings from another project.
1.4.2			

	
Throttle Concurrent Builds Plug-in
This plugin allows for throttling the number of concurrent builds of a project running per node or globally.
1.8.4			

	
Token Macro Plugin
This plug-in adds reusable macro expansion capability for other plug-ins to use.
1.10			

	
Translation Assistance plugin
This plugin adds an additional dialog box in every page, which enables people to contribute localizations for the messages they are seeing in the current page.
1.12	
	
	
Unity3d plugin
This plugin can run Unity 3d Editor builds.
0.6			

	
user build vars plugin
This plugin is used to set user build variables: jenkins user name and id.
1.4			

	
Warnings Plug-in
This plug-in collects the compiler warnings of the project modules and visualizes the results.
If you like this open source plug-in please consider supporting my work by buying my Android game Inca Trails.
4.47	

	
Windows Slaves Plugin
Allows you to connect to Windows machines and start slave agents on them.
1.0			
	
Workspace Cleanup Plugin
This plugin deletes the project workspace after a build is finished.
0.25			

	
Xcode integration
This plugin provides builders to build xcode projects, invoke agvtool and package .ipa files
1.4.8	

	
xUnit plugin
This plugin makes it possible to record xUnit test reports.
1.94			

